chore: add ADR for template repo (#2873)
opensafely-core/job-server: docs/adr/0013-interactive-templates-repo.md

# 13. Use external repo for interactive code schema and templates
Date: 2023-03-24

## Status
Accepted

## Context

> We need to support dynamically generating code from user input as part of OSI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We need to support dynamically generated code from user input as part of OSI.
```

> Functionally, this has two main parts: 1) the form the user fills in, and 2 analysis

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functionally, this has two main parts: 1) the form the user fills in, and 2) analysis
```

code templates to be rendered with the form data.

These two parts are tightly coupled - changes to the form data schema needs to
match changes in the templates.

> However, whilst the form itself must live in job-server repo, there are reasons

Reviewer 2: Might be worth linking to [this ADR](https://github.com/opensafely-core/job-server/blob/5197171e19de658f513156c3508b6cf5a1c55ed6/docs/adr/0005-migrate-interactive-into-job-server.md) here.

> However, whilst the form itself must live in job-server repo, there are reasons
> having the templates in job-server repo is problematic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, whilst the form itself must live in the job-server repo, there are reasons that make doing so problematic:
```

Author: This changes the meaning? Gonna fix the formatting myself

Reviewer: Ah, I missed some words!  It was the dual use of `job-server repo` in the same sentence that I was trying to avoid.  How about:

> However, whilst the form itself must live in the job-server repo, there are reasons that make having the templates there problematic:

1) job-server would need to run tests for research code, which can be slow.

2) researchers need to develop the research code using the job-server repo and
   tooling, which is likey confusing.

3) we want to move the rendering/committing of generated code out to a secure
   service in future, for security reasons.

## Decision

> We will use a separate `interactive_templates` repo to hold the form data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will use a separate `interactive-templates` repo to hold the form data
```
